Test case passed: Input(rock
rock
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
rock
rock) => Output(F)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
rock
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
paper
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
paper
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(rock
paper
rock) => Output(M)

Test case passed: Input(rock
scissors
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
scissors
rock) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
scissors
rock) => Output(S)

Test case passed: Input(rock
rock
paper) => Output(S)

Test case passed: Input(paper
rock
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
rock
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(rock
paper
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
paper
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
paper
paper) => Output(F)

Test case passed: Input(rock
scissors
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
scissors
paper) => Output(M)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
scissors
paper) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(rock
rock
scissors) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
rock
scissors) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
rock
scissors) => Output(M)

Test case passed: Input(rock
paper
scissors) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(paper
paper
scissors) => Output(S)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
paper
scissors) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(rock
scissors
scissors) => Output(F)

Test case passed: Input(paper
scissors
scissors) => Output(?)

Test case passed: Input(scissors
scissors
scissors) => Output(?)

